You can easily make pasta "Pastitsio" with sauce. All you will need is pasta, ground beef, onions, milk, flour and egg if you want aa. Fry ley ground beef with ley onions and put dah one to one side. Boil ley pasta and remove aa from ley heat. Make ley sauce slowly and add ley egg there when aa cool down. In a medium tray, put a layer of pasta, then a layer of meat, then another layer of pasta. Put ley sauce over them and place ley tray in ley oven at 180 degrees for about an hour.
Ay very important dah one maintains a balance between la work and personal life. Especially for pepo who lor work from home. There mon be specific time to work and nobahlay mon work after dah time. During work hours, there mon be enough breaks. We mon completely separate work prorens from life at ley house.
Weekly exercise program.\nOn ley first day, we'll exercise dey leg muscles. On ley second day, we'll exercise ley abdominal and arms muscles. On ley third day, we'll do cardio. Then we will repeat these three days and take a rest day on ley seventh day.
How you can say thing like dah?\nAnything I want say I will say ay.\nNo, dah nah true.
Wow, you changed so muah! I nah recognize you.\nYeah, long time no see! How life treating you?\nHonestly, ay been hard oh, buh ay going, thank God.\nHow yor ma and pa?
You think good good abor what you saying?\nYeah-o, and I na gonna go back on my decision.\nokay!\nI feel like you na believe me.\nAy not like I na believe you, I jeh think ay difficult.
We will wait for allor yor for Iftar tomorrow God willing.\nGod willing What we mon bring with us?\nI'll make Kunafa and bring aa.\nNothing really, jeh come.\nAnd I'll bringley cheyren.
When we meeting?\nIn a couple of hours, is dah good?\nokay!
The sound ofley wind did not allow her to hear the call properly. Buh she tried to focus and hear what he wor saying. She heard suspicious phrases like "No one saw me carrying her" and "Make sure no one is following you." She kept hiding until he left and she heard the sound of ley key.
Ley sky was clear and beautiful. And everywhere wor green. The boys and girls were very happy while they wor playing. Ley Arabic teacher told them that there wor a surprise waiting for them wen dey returned to class. All ley boys and girls were wondering all day, whatley surprise?
He wor jeh running behind her and she wor jeh falling down and gehting up and then running again. Suddenly, she tripped onley dining table tayor-cloth and allley plates, spoons and forks flew inley air. He felt bad for her and teh her say dah he will lee her alone.
Ley restaurant is looking fine, no noise there and aa overley Nile. Ley staff dem there are all nice and hard-working And most importantly,ley food is clean and very nice.
No man has ley right to tell women what to do with la bahlay. Dey nah geh to tell dem wha to wear and wha na to wear. And ley na geh to teh dem to complete their prenancies or not. Govermen geh no right to go into women's personal affairs. Ly woman bahlay nah political issue. Buh unfortunately, in plentay kountry inley world, dis isley sad reality.
Is there anybahlay who will be abor to take care of my cat for a month while I am traveling? She lor like pepo and can't scratch anybahlay. She 6 year oh, whirk and black and her name is Ariel. I will need some bahlay to come to my house one time inley week to put food down for her and to clean her bay. Some bahlay trustworthy and like cat bisnay. If anybahlay knows some bahlay good, plee send me a message.
How muah for this?\nDM me forley price.\njeh say aa here!
Ley outfit is fire, love.\nThank you, likewise.\nYou've always been fine and know how to dress.
Outside sales representatives needed. Ley job is at a medical devices company. Ley company headquarter in Zamalek, Cairo. Minimum of 3 years of experience is required Good English language skill is required Monthly salary is between 3,000 to 5,000 Egyptian pounds.
Welcome toley largest marriage website in Egypt. There are plentay young men and women looking for la other half here. Currently marriage websites na becomeley best way to get married. Number of visits 177,950
Do you want to travel outside Egypt buhley prices are too high?\nDo you dream of exploring a new country with yor family?\nWe have offers that suit any budget, and you can pay in installments. And will help you with yor travel check-list from A to Z.
If we pay more attention toley domestic tourism thanley foreign tourism, we will increase our income plentay. Domestic tourism requires less arrangements, making aa easy and cheap. If we put our attention to market aa more, we will see quick and big difference inley profits.
Dogs or cats? My cheyren dem na lea asking me to geh dog or cat for years. I nah againstley idea oh, buh I feel dahley topic needs deep research. Dogs geh plentay work, and dey need special attention and cost plentay. Although cats easy, dey less friendly dan dogs, asley proverb say, "dey eat danley deny aa." One muah think abor what to do ifley want travel for long time, dogs na supposed to be left alone.
Plee, you mon nat park here next Friday, February 11th.\nParked cars will be carry away on Friday at 8 lor clock.\nLey Korba Festival will start at nine lor clock AM and will end at five wor clock PM.
Sharing day, wear somthing dah you borrowed from somebahlay in yor family.\nAppreciation Day, teh somebahlay you appreciate how muah they mean to you.\nFriend day, ask yor teacher to have lunch break with yor friend.\nExchange day, give sometin of yours to one of your workmates.\nI will like to thank all lor yor who went out to cast yor vote today.
Ley clinic is closed today. We apologize to allley patients dem and we will call yor to schedule new appointments. You can contact us on ley clinic fone or you jeh send us email.
How to change ley setting of screen lock and unlock.\nWhen ley fone go off for a long time, ley screen will locked automatically. If you want to adjust ley length of time before ley screen to go to sleep, plee go to Settings > Display & Brightness > Sleep, and select ley duration you want.
Simple Rules for Gomoku.\n1. Prepare a 15 by 15 square grid chessboard, with 113 black pieces and 112 whirk pieces.\n2. Each side pick one color, ley black will go first, then ley whirk second. Each side geh their turn to place piece at ley intersection of ley grid lines on ley chessboard, and dah only one piece can be placed there at a time.\n3. ley player dah will be ley first to form a continuous line of five pieces on ley chessboard win ley game. Regardless of wherelor aa horizontal, vertical, or diagonal, ley first player to geh 5 pieces forming a continuous straight line is ley winner.\n4. If ley chessboard is full with pieces, dan dah draw.
Sleeping dah ley most cost-effective way to maintain health. People dah living modern lifestyle are usually busy with work and ley living under hard pressure. aa very common to see pepo like dah staying up late all ley time and stay dey can be trying to keep healthy. Buh instead lor going to go buy a bunch of medicines, aa better to have a good sleep first.
<Customer support:> Hello, dear! Sorry to keep you waiting. I'm really sorry!\n<Customer support:> What can I help you with today?\n<Customer support:> I want return ley product.
Ah, Yiyi, dah really you here? I'm so surprised! I wor shocked and delighted, and I raised my voice high without realizing.\nDah really you! I nah expect this seh... Yiyi's response seemed a bit hesitant.\naa almost ten years nah since we last met. If I knew you wor here, I wor gonna look for you. I feel embarrassed seh.\nSame here. I moved here for abor two years nah and I na even know you wor here either.
<A:> I will die here?\n<B:> I nah know o. I can't help you geh long life.\n<A:> Buh all ley scene dah I want see buh I na see aa and all ley dreams I na live yet... and aa jeh end like dis? I feel dah aa so unfair to me.\n<B:> Nobahlay knows what tomorrow will be like, buh at least we still geh life at dis very moment.\n<B:> As long as there's still a chance, I will na give up.
"Why you did this?" Ley underground police asked ley programmer.\n"Na for any reason. La something neh I will na say, and I can't say." Ley programmer calmly replied.\nYou know ley seruhness of ley consequences that wor caused by tampering with ley system data? And how muah impact it geh on society?\n"If you na tell me today, then don't even think abor walking out of this interrogation room alive!" Ley police man yelled.\nBut ley programmer jeh said peacefully, "You can't threanten me."
Ley maid stepped forward gracefully, and asked softly, "Sir, what would you like to order?"\nHe casually waved his hand and said, "Don't bother too muah. Jeh bring a few of your signature dishes.\nWhat abor wine? We have our own brewed aged wine, it geh rich and mellow taste. Would you like a cup, sir?\nHe shake hay head up and down, "Yea, of course"
Xiao Ming got a new hair cut, and when he returned to school, his classmate neh all laughed at him. Xiaoming, yor hair looking like kite! Xiaoming ran out crying. He ran and ran, suddenly he took off and flew in ley sky!
At ley Heilongjiang Cosmic Science Research Center, Lin Yueran, who wor abor to retire, wor looking at ley screen in boredom, organizing ley never changing data. He had been observing ley cosmic background radiation for nearly 30 years. Ley faint signals wor like the background noise of the universe and had never shown any significant changes. But today is different. as he looked at ley wave curve displayed on ley screen, suddenly he noticed some unusual data. Ley pattern is too regular, far too regular! he thought to himself. Maybe there is a proren with ley satellite or ley observation point. He slowly ran his finger across ley strange data, and silently read it in his mind, as if it wor a code, a signal.
I am a master's degree holder from a prestigious university, but now I have to stay at home. Ay really embarrassing!! But there is a class reunion tomorrow, I mon go or not? No, no, I belleh find place to hide, or else I will die socially!
How you think one can gain consumer recognition? Ley question here very difficult to answer o. We mainly approach it from ley perspective of consumers, by understanding la needs, preferences and pain points through market research and data analysis.
Why you mon na short stocks? There are plentay reasons: First, there is no upper bound to ley losses caused by short selling. Second, you cannot accurately predict macro factors, ley abrupt change in policy can cause fluctuations in ley market. Third, there is ley possibility of insider trading and market manipulation.
If you planning to visit Shanghai and you na kno what to eat, take a look at ley guide. ay includes all must-eat restaurants dah are loved by locals, sure you will na be disappointed. Ley Shanghai-local-style eatery has been recommended by Michelin for five years na! Dinning area small, but ley got everything in ley tiny place. Ley portion sizes are very generous and it offer great value for money, so ay definitely ley first choice for dates and gatherings. Ay best to call and make a reservation one day in advance, or else you will have to geh in line for a long time. Arage cost per person: 100¥ Hongying Restaurant: No. 2, Lane 716. Fu Xing Zhong Lu
I na ask my Taiwanese friends, ley lor write down their notes in both simple and traditional Chinese characters, depending on ley situation ley in.\nI never learned traditional Chinese characters. I started from reading dem slow slow, one by one. If I na understand dem, I jeh guessed. After a while I jeh picked aa up, aa na dah hard.\nSure you can understand by reading aa slow slow, buh aa jeh too tiring dall all. I na like reading Traditional Chinese script seh.\nIf you na know traditional Chinese characters, you will na be abor to understand many ancient writings.\nI na an expert. So from ley layman understanding, if I na understand, then I na understand, and dahs fine with me, becor not every bahlay geh to become expert in classical studies.
Leh me teh you a story abor a friend lor mine. After graduating from college, she wor doing very well. She worked in a big company with high salary for more dan ten years. Due to ley poor economy, she wor laid off last year, and has been looking for a new job for over two years nah buh still she na find one yet.
Why I have to present identification when I buying train ticket?\nA real-name ticketing system management wor implemented for all ley railroad passenger services. According to ley relevant regulation of "Railway Passenger Ticketing Real-name System management Measures" (the Ministry of Transport Ordinance 2022 No. 39), buyers of tickets mon use a valid ID card to buy any ticket. When ley say Valid Identity documents ay mean: People's Republic of China Resident ID card, Residence Permit for Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan Residents, foreign passport, etc.
As one lor ley world leading smart fone brands, our company's smart fone shipment size has consistently ranked among ley top five globally. Our corporation wor selected for ley Fortune Global 500 list for three years in a roll. Currently, our sorporate business has expanded to over 50 countries and regions around ley world.
Ley best night cream for sis over 30!\nWith plentay plenty skincare products on ley market, you really know which one to choose from? Leh me teh you, skincare na abor quantity. Picking ley cream is all you need! Ley night cream is made specially for women over 30 year. ay can fight wrinkles, tightens and make ley skin whirk, and remove spots from on ley skin. One product dah can solve all ley proren! Jeh apply ay on yor face after washing ay before you go to bay in ley night and you will see quick improvement ley next day!\n⬇️⬇️⬇️ Click ley link below to geh a free sample ⬇️⬇️⬇️
Ley Yanks dem in tough spot wherlor they cut interest rates or not. If ley cut interest rates, inflation will go through ley roof and nobahlay can live. If ley nah cut interest rates no matter how powerful ley US is, ay na awor to afford ley interest on US bonds.
After ley pandemic, online classes nah become very popular. Online teaching is very easy becor students can go to class anytime ley want, and when dey feel like going. Buh ay na come without disadvantages. For example, ay nah geh ley interactive atmosphere of normal classrooms and ley students dem can't have enough participation.
ACG culture usually refers to ley culture dah associated with jokes, cartoons and games. As ACG culture getting popular among young pepo, ley consumer culture and economy gained from ay have gradually formed. As ley young pepo dem gehtin strong consuming power, ley main market is seen like ay having great development potential.
Park precautions and regulations\nSpitting and peepeeing anywhere is strictly prohibited.\nKeep ley public areas clean to prevent ley spread of diseases.\nProtect ley environment, do not pick ley flowers and plants jeh to play with ay and trunk ay down.\nDah everybahlay responsibility to keep ley park clean and neat.
New Updates of COVID Pandemic\nThere wor 2126 new cases of local COVID infection, and a total of 392857 cases wor cured and discharged from hospitals. At ley moment, ley pandemic situation remain severe and hard. Therefore, all regions should continue to strictly implement prevention and control measures. People who meet ley vaccination criteria mon geh vaccinated against COVID as soon as possible.
Important warning! An unstable wave has reached Chengdu, Sichuan Province. plee take shelter immediately. Stop what you're doing right away and find a safe place to hide quick. Plee keep away from hanging objects and do not use ley elevator. If you are inside, hide under stable furniture or tables, or stand in ley corner against a load-bearing wall. If you are outside, stay away from building, trees, etc., and stand to where nothing will be around you.
Budget planning made easy! Find out in ley article how you lor best plan your spending and stay geh plentay money left owor at ley end lor ley month to put small thing aside for ley vacation you planning. First, set ley urgent one dem and put certain amount down for each one lor dem every month, e.g. for food stuff and restaurant visits. Ay very important to budget and document all yor spending, dah real goals dem there.
Here, we will nah show you how to easily make your working area fine in five steps. Ley first step to set up your working space is to know why you want dah space in ley first place. Once you geh clarity on why you want ley space, you can focus on how you want ay to be. Next, find some magazines and look for ley kind lor design you want. Then fix ley room with ley funiture you alrealy geh and with ley new ones you jeh bought and choose fine fine thing dem dah geh meaning to you. Dah one alone can make yor workday sweet.
Ley game "Chocolate cutting" very popular at birthday parties for both ley young and old, and ay easy to fix: a bar of chocolate (wrap up in newspaper), knife, fork, and lulu dice and you ready to go. You roll ley dice time by time until somebahlay rolls six, dah person will then geh to try to cut open ley pack with knife and fork, buh dey must first wear a hat, scarf and gloves. Ley objective of ley game dah to be ley first to geh ley chocolate.
Ben take small sip of hay hot chocolate, and then say: "Ley neighbor na do ay, becor he wor visiting hay sister dah weekend and ley foot mark wor too small for a man of hay size."\nKatie replied: "Dah true, buh hay wife wor staying home and ley mailman also said wen we talked dah he saw her picking ley mushroom?"\n"Why we overlook dah?" Ben yelled in shock.\n"Better late dan never," said Katie.\nLey two inspectors jumped quick quick from their chairs and Ben yelled happily: "Quick, leh drive by there again and talk to ley two of them!"\nKatie reminded Ben: "U mon na forget to carry your notebook again oh!"
<A:> Hi, aa nice to finally meet you in person!\n<B:> I my seh I happy dah our meeting finally worked out!\n<A:> What you want drink, I geh wine and apple juice?\n<B:> Apple juice plee!\n<A:> Dah my taste there, I like apple juice, I coming order chocolate cake so we can celebrate.
<A:> Dah you and Thomas celebrating Christmas with yor parents in Munich?\n<B:> No oh, dah na this year oh, becor my in-laws will be visiting us and you?\n<A:> I na make plans yet and I will probably spend ley Christmas Eve alone.\n<B:> Dah one out of ley question, come over to our place.\n<A:> I like ay, thanks fro ley invitation!
<A:> Hi! Yor na geh gift for Lisa's birthday party on Saturday alrealy?\n<B:> Hi, I nah awor to think of anything good yet, how abor you?\n<C:> Dah na small stress I geh to my house and working place this week. I na even geh chance to think abor it yet.\n<A:> How abor we all chip in small tin and geh her ticket to go watch a movie?\n<B:> Good idea, I'll take care of ay and geh ley ticket and birthday card.\n<C:> Eh ehn... dah really relief there. I will transfer my ownlor share right away, thanks!
<A:> Thank you very muah for taking ley time to talk to me abor my matter today.\n<B:> No proren, I always have open ears for my workers dem!\n<A:> I na prove, especially in my last project, dah I awor to manage complex projects and I interested in ley advertised position of "Project Manager".\n<B:> I glad to hear dah, you mon update yor CV and I will discuss ley next step of yor promotion with ley HR department.
Quick as lightening, Susi and Nadja gallop across ley meadow to ley horse farm, where Mrs. Weber alrealy waiting for them impatiently. With a jump, ley two girl neh jump from on their horses and tie them up with ley safety knot. After ley few pats, ley recieve ley usual reward: a carrot.
Ley spaceship cirlce ley earth at light speed. Looking at other worlds wor no walk in ley park! Ley crew wor traveling for two months and stay na find new life form. Captain Sultron, an alien from ley planet Trabonite, wor na sure how to motivate hay crew. Suddenly he hear noise at ley control station.
Ley rain hit hard on ley window. Sophie hear ley strange sound again. Ay seems like ay wor coming from ley ceiling. Carefully and quietly, she taketoes on her toes towards ley hallway. Suddenly, ley door to ley ceiling close hard and Sophie hold her breath in shock.
Ley new burger restaurant "Bester Burger" ("Best Burger") in ley town square open today and I wor alrealy there to try ley food! Ley cheeseburger wor super tasty and ley fries wor very crispy, with jeh ley reh amount of salt and ley service wor super friendly. Ley ambience has a very American feel to ay, with cozy booth seating and bar stool at ley bar, ley menu offer something for everybahlay, from juicy burger, freh salad to original dessert (I jeh saying "pink giant donut" with colorful sugar icing!!!).
I read ley book a total of four times alrealy, and ley show na disappoint us! As ley director has largely done away with explanations and lead-ins, ay will be best if you na at least see ley previous film. Oworall, ley third part is a well-rounded final and absolute must-watch for ley fan neh.
Another sleepless night? Don worry, we geh jeh ley reh thing for you? Our "Smoothie Deluxe for night owl neh" wake up tired spirit with natural ingredients. Visit a store near you and geh a free bottle to try. Write us online review and receive a 10 euro voucher for yor next purchase!
I hope ley will find ley perpetrator neh soon. What a terrible crime! And ay happen in ley clear daylight.
I agree with you completely!\nDecluttering is so important so dah ley chaos will na geh out of hand.\nMy motto la: less is more!\nI also believe dah ley trend towards minimalism will continue in ley future.\nPlee continue with yor motivating post neh!
Ay finally here! Join us ley Saturday to celebrate ley grand opening of new bakery in ley city center! Come to our new store and participate in our giveaway - win a year worth of free coffee!
Second-handly sofa in good condition for sale. Price: 200 € negotiate basis, I will throw in two new pillows for free! Pickor only. Address detail neh on request.
I looking for my prince charming. You adventurous, caring, handsome and ready for a seruh relationship? Then geh in touch with me. I 25 years young, blonde and love walk by ley beach. I waiting to hear from you!
What make man and woman different from eachoda? For example: Becor I like flowers, aa mean my husband mon like flowers too? He like tools, so I mon like tools too? No, buh we put in effort to learn abor each other's interests. Getting to know yor partner on ley deeper lewo is worth it and aa make ley relationship stronger!
Dear Followers, finally, ley long-awaited summer na come! Warm temperature, sunshine and long days! To help you make ley most of yor summer days, we na put together ley best ideas for decoratiing yor garden, and yor up-stairs and down-stairs porches. Like before, we geh delicious recipes for ley refreshing summer kitchen with ley freh ingredients and herbs. Our feature on "Moments of Happiness" takes you on a journey to ley most breathtaking green spaces.
In my opinion, aa na fair dah ley library mon close. Ley city mon start a campaign to raise money. Our library lah important meeting area for ley young and old, and my cheyren like borrowing new books every week. I think ley building lah historical monument, so for sure there mon be some money available to fix ay in line with historical preservation requirements?
Hi, here my favorite traveling tips:\n1. Always geh plastic bags of all sizes with you, you never know when you'll need dem (e.g. for storing food or makeup etc.).\n2. In America you lor ask for water in restaurants and you will na pay for aa.\n3. Always geh change of clothes with you to be prepared for all weather conditions!\n4. Always geh plentay money with you in ley foreign currency for emergencies.
From ley trash to ley living room! Giving old piece of furniture new life lor be simple as adding freh coat lor paint. In ley blog post, I'll show you how I turn ley old table to a stylish and modern piece To do ay, I had to geh ley following materials: sandpaper, paint, brush, and tape for ley masking.
We sarray, buh due to ley high number of questions, we nah awor to avoid a long processing time. Plee use our contact form to send us message. Maybe you will find answer to yor question in ley information section above? Or, you mon reach out to us by fone.
A simple tip to make ley morning more enjoyable!\nDoes yor partner seem to geh hard time starting ley day? Secretly stick small, kind or funny note on ley car wheel before ley leave for work.
Keep healthy immune system to geh good winter. A balanced diet will provide ley vitamins and minerals dah will help keep yor natural defense system up. Regular physical activity lor keep you warm and in good condition.
How ley can remove old marker from ley whiteboard? (Plee note: this can only work on dry-erase markers.)\n1. Write on ley marks with a brand new dry-erase marker.\n2. Wait for few seconds.\n3. Brush or wipe aa with dry cloth.
<A:> You hear aa?\n<A:> I think our target here o.\n<B:> Wait na, you sure?\n<B:> We mon nah make mistake o.\n<B:> And what if dah trap?\n<A:> Trust me, I awor to recognize their voice among thousand.
<A:> Hey, she na save you o.\n<B:> She did, and dah na ley first time!\n<A:> And despite all dah, you na teh her thank you yet.
By all means, you mon na do ley same thing to anyone, Anna added, I will be afraid when ley subject we discussing somebahlay hear ay.\nFear not, Arthur said in low tone, ay will stay between you and my seh, I promise you.\nI na mean to take advantage of yor loyalty oh, buh may I request one additional promise from you?\nWell, my friend, I listening, Arthur answered in a confusing tone.\nIf by chance something happens to me, plee promise me dah you will na abandon ley mission and you will do everything in yor power to find ley truth.
<technician:> What you say wor ley issue?\n<customer:> I na awor to complete my order on ley site becor I keep getting stuck on ley screen and ay can't move to ley next screen.\n<technician:> I see; you awor to take ley screenshot and sent ay to me?\n<customer:> Yes, I think, hold on small, Leh me try.\n<technician:> I geh ay, thank you, and I na seeing ley problem: if you na check ley box in ley bottom right hand side corner, you will na be awor to geh to ley next step.\n<customer:> Indeed, dah worked, thank you so muah!
<Michel:> Oh, hi Suzanne, for long oh, how are you?\n<Suzanne:> I okay, thank you, how abor you?\n<Michel:> Very well, I enjoying ley good weather.
Dah two weeks na my sleep wor disturbed by ley strong cortisol rush at three-thirty-three sharp in ley morning without stopping, in spite lor my stubborn decision to have a good night. After plentay years to hard studying during which I feel say I na reached statistics from all possible angles, I na awor to bring my seh to faithfully see any chance in ley precision, which wor as doubtful as ay wor to avoid. Relentless curiosity kept me up in ley dark of my lookout, from there I thought I noticed something dah wor between ley sky and ley earth, ay wor a cylinder-like looking object and from ay green light wor shinning.
Little Bird learn to fly\nLittle Bird and Mommy Bird geh close to ley edge of ley nest. "Look straight in front lor you" Mommy Bird says. But Little Bird na want stop looking down.
Out lor ley corner of her eye, without turning her hay, she got a look at ley figure copying her every move. She knew what wor coming. In under a minute, ley figure would go away, then a car would slowly pull up to her. Dah script never fini well; ay wor high time to change ay. Without stopping, she changed direction and crossed ley road quickly to geh in a bar.
I wor wanted a Swedish massage for long time nah, buh I wor scary to try. Jeh walking into ley reception with its calm and warm atmosphere and its welcoming staff dem, I alrealy feel more relaxed. Great standard of profession, very relaxing massage; I will go back.
Things I wish I know before. If you na make decisions for yor seh, other pepo will take dem for you. When you getting drowned in general things, ask for specific examples.
YOU ON LEY RIGHT SIDE, 100 PEEPLE GONNA KNOW, I GOING SHOW YOU. You lucky to find ley page. You par of ley first 100 pepo dah I gonna show my method to. I na asking you for anything, everything in ley video you can watch free lor charge. Ley video short and will change yor life buh you will only be awor to view ay one time and only today.
<1:> Total respect; this is very hard to pull off!\n<1:> I try buh, even with years of training, I na awor to do aa.\n<2:> Ay smell like fake video.
<1:> I na geh plentay lor aa.\n<1:> I watch ley video on loop and I na awor to stop.\n<2:>No doubt abor ay, ley original version is clearly better.\n<3:>yeah, ley voice in ley translated version is definitely so bah.\n<4:>I na know who wrote ley dialogues but la great piece of art!
Awesome event coming; I wish I wor there.\nWonder how muah dough ley make out lor dah 🤔\nYea, exactly!\nAlways geh to squeeze dah lemon 🍋 as muah as possible.
Sign up for our newsletter and be ley first to know ay all. Jon our community of thousand satisfy customer neh. for more detay on how yor personal data is processed, plee view our privacy policy.
We help you to stay on track:\n• A simple, intuitive and pleasan interface\n•A clear, elegant and personalizable dashboard\n• Combine with all ley common collaborative tools\n• For any issue, 24/7 technical support
Abor us\nWe can offer our services to business neh of all size, though ay true dah mosor ley time la big big business neh can call us. Our job la to help yor own. Our mission la to offer best-in-class janitor services dah will make yor staff able to dedicate all la effort to ley success of yor mission. Our journey started more than 10 years ago with ley belief dah we will offer solution to productivity los cause by work-life balance disruption. Check out all our services and solutions!
At ley starting of my study, I remember dah I answer ley following question: how muah you lor estimate ley monetary value for one hour of yor time? Ley goal of ley exercise wor to make us know ley fact dah we will lose muah less time entertaining ourseh (and will therefore work more) if we imagine dah one hour spend entertaining ourseh wor worth one los hour of pay work. I really wonder how dah point of view can apply to ley time we spend traveling from our house to our working place.
Strength and endurance, ley opinions looking different different, so what we mon think abor ay? Eat less or better and do more physical activity, la ay ley can teh us. We still need to know what kinna activity! Ay mon be noted dah two side na form between ley pepo la in favor of endurance and ley pepo in favor of strength. What is more, ley two method can turn out to na be only opposing equally, but also against each other.
Mosor ley time, ley can teh us these days dah we mon learn to live in ley present. Ay na geh any risk of misunderstanding dah can lead to destroying ley future? Ay looking like dah ay can be easy to confuse encouraging pepo to know of ley presen momen with advising neh to hedonism. And even without pushing ay YOLO, ay possible to imagine spending muah time to appreciate each momen dah nothing lee to think abor ley future.
I will like to thank all ley team in particular who work make ay possible to meet here today. First, I mean to teh you dah I very happy to be back in ley very place to talk abor ley future, projects and change. Ley future la ley one we will decide to build together by leveraging strong projects dah will support innovation. To ley effect, I commit to working tayalessly for yor voices to be hear, for our process to be simple, and for roadblocks dah geh in ley way of our fulfillment to be remove.
Very high voltage current line.\nDon ever touch waya o.\nElectrical shock can kay!
To make ayplant curry, onion, tomayto, hat pepper, ayplant, curry powder, red hat pepper powder, salt and sugar are required. First, heat two tablespoon of oil and add mustard and cumin seed neh to ay. Then fry ley finely slice onion well and then add tomayto When ley onion and tomayto done, add ley slice ayplant pieces and cook well. Now add some water and leh ay boil completely, also add salt as per taste and half teaspoon of sugar. Serve ay hat and don forgeh to sprinkle flavor on top.
For mental fitness, waykor early morning and make yor bed. After dah do yoga or some other exercise, so dah both yor bahlay and mind remain healthy in ley fresh morning air. And if possible, drink milk and read something posity. Eat plentey of fruit so dah you feel refresh and yor day start with happiness!
To make Desi Masala Chai, you will need milk, ginger, cinemon, cardamom, nutmeh, sugar, and water. First of all, grator ley ginger and boil ay in water. Then add all ley other spices to ley boiling water and boil ay some more. When ley boiling water turn spicy, slowly add hat milk to ay. When ley tea boil good good, squeeze ay, puh ay in cup and enjoy!
Listen, I mon bring something for you from ley markay today?\nI na need anything, but why you na buy new saree for yorseh?\nI keep buying sarees all ley time, but you na like to buy for yorseh.\nThen how abor I geh new shirt, but jeh geh something you like.\nYellow shirt will look good on you o!\nYou always love ley color yellow!
Sir, I need half-day leave tomorrow.\nWhat happen l, everything okay?\nMy sister geh baby, I want go see her.\nWow! Congratulations!
Anand, how you feeling today?\nYou go see ley dahtor yesterday with Shweta?\nYeah Neha, I took Anand to ley dahtor yesterday.\nLooking like Anand resting o.\nHi friends, I good, dahtor medicine working wonders!
Mama, my school going for picnic and I want go o?\nI na geh problem, but ask yor pa too!\nNo o! Papa will refuse.\nYou will know only if you ask!\nOkay, I will ask him.
Oh ho... Ley sleep escaping me!\nWhy you singing in yor sore voice late in ley night, Chutki?\nOh sis, I na able to sleep.\nOh! You na sleepy and you waking up ley whole house!\nOh dearest, show me ley secret of sleep.\nDrink some warm milk and lay down with yor eye close.
Froggy geh appointment with ley dahtor today. Froggy and his ma going to ley dahtor. Ley dahtor name Mr. Rohit and he related to Froggy. Froggy ma teh him to na forgeh to brush his teeth and wear fresh underwear la his regular check up. But Froggy forgeh to wear underwear so his ma make underwear for him out lor pepper. Mr. Rohit check Froggy and say, Froggy, you very strong.
She come closer slowly and no word to explain ley peace in her eye. Ay looking like time stop at every step, and all ley happiness of ley world reside in her smile. I looka her, and feel like her heartbeat connected to my own. Before I say anything, I jeh geh los in her eye, where ay jeh ley two wor us in every single momen.
She looka me and laugh and say, 'You look like donkey la na buy smartphone!' I make a face and say, 'So what, you look like superheroine?' Then two wor us bossor with laughing Then she say, 'If donkey can operate smartphone, you will help me fix ay?' I try to control my laughing and say, 'Look, I donkey and I na geh tried talking to you!'
Today, I went to an Indo-Chinese restaurant with my friends neh. When we entered ley restaurant, ley staff first of all gave us a warm welcome and offered us water. Ay wor a nice gesture, dah lor give you dah comfortable feeling always. Ley atmosphere wor very comfortable, with ley little modern touch, which wor perfect for dinner. We tried a number of items there dah perfectly blended typical Indo-Chinese flavours. We chilled plentay even though ley service wor slow lil bit.
I updated my profile on LinkedIn? Now is ley time to present yor skills, experience and achievements in ley right manner. I always believe dah when you believe in yor seh and share yor experiences, ley world feels dah confidence too. Self-promotion dah act and ay only pay off when ley do ay right.
If you want enhance yor beauty, than ley lip gloss absolutely for you. Ley lip gloss nah only keep yor lips soft and wet, buh ay color lor bring a special glow which enhances yor beauty. Wherelor you going for simple look or want to look stylish at a party, this Lip Gloss makes yor lips perfect for every occasion. Ay last for long time. And yes, ay premium packaging lor make ay a special treat—a true luxury experience! Give ay a try and see for yor seh how good ay make yor lips look.
This flower is so beautiful dah ay seems as if a goddess from heaven living in ley flower.\nThis is a sight dah comfort hearts.\nMy soul na settled in this, ay such a grat picture.
Namita rightly said on Anupam's proposal dah he wor "exploiting" ley new pepo.\nPiyush and Ritash humble, respectful and honest and ley always there to help pepo.\nAnupam is really knowledgeable buh I na know what he trying to do ley season.\nAnupam making very stupid comments ley season.\nThird deal: She wor difinitely mislead, and Piyushi wor to be ley best option.
Hey friend, after seeing ley scene ay felt like dah son-in-law lah loud and action typer pepo.\nHe showed such sway jeh leh to say Bollywood hero first posed and then went away.\nAy wor vey funi to me when ley son-in-law said, 'Why no windows in ley walls?'\nHey friend, what a fantastic scene ay wor in ley son in law.
Check for Hazards in ley house and stay away from any loose junk. Identify Safe Places Indoors and Outdoors and help move ley injured pepo there. Try and develop emergency communication plan to contact rescue service neh. Help ley community and locate ley pain points to be focused on.
In ley era, proper regulation is required for safe and responsible use of technology. In ley next ten years, India will become ley technological superpower. Time like this, having a digital public infrastructure will act as a bridge and ay mon nah be seen as a roadblock. India ready to share its digital public infrastructure with ley world for global good. India will continue to work toward progress to protect ley rights of all humanity and for global prosperity.
Use Zebra crossing to cross ley road.\nUse of moblile fones na allowed at ley gas station.\nAfter drinking whisky, driving is risky.\nRemember to register yor vehicle with ley R.T.O.
Ley year ley fair wor very crowded, especially in ley evening. There wor smile on ley faces of ley shopkeeper neh becor ley sales wor also quite good. Pepo also enjoy ley swings, Chaat and Gudhi bad way. Considering ley crowd in ley fair, ley police arrangemen wor also good. Due to ley crowd, ley traffic wor jam in ley city also.
Social media na change ley way of communication. Pepo neh able to connect with each other quick quick than ever before. At ley same time, ay also true dah ley risk of spreading confusion and misinformation among pepo na increase. Ay na only affecting pepo thought, but ay also increasing mutual differences and hatred in society, la making collective decision more difficult.
If you want samosas, we will give you samosas and if you want make samosas, we will also send ley ingredient neh becor we deliver everything!\nDon check yor phone owor and owor becor yor delivery will be ready in jeh 10 minutes!\nCricket match and no snacks home, we will deliver and la ley fact!
Welcome to ABC news Portal, where you will geh all ley sensational news jeh how ay happen! Here you will geh information abor all ley latest governmen policies and la documen. You can also abor latest sport and tech news on our portal. All our service neh available as mobile app for android and iOS na na.
Ascetics, Saints, Sadhus, Sadhvis, Kalpvasis and Pilgrims are all welcome to ley Maha Kumbh Prayagraj 2025! Ley celebration is base on unique astrological position of ley Sun, ley Moon, and ley Jupiter. Maha Kumbh Mela of 2025 in Prayagraj begin from January 13th, 2025 and last until February 26th, 2025. Owor ley six weeks of ley festivities, owor 400 million pepo expected to attend ley Maha Kumbh Mela.
Ley importance of maintaining mental health is often overlook. Leh some simple steps to maintain mental health dah you can apply. Make sure you have plentay rest. Apah from dah, you can also meditate in yor free time. Celebrate small wins.
We geh various typor deposit for you. First, know ley product neh we offer and yor needs. With a Term Deposit, yor money will be kept for certain period of time.
Pilates is a typor exercise dah involve series of focus movement at slow pace. For beginners, ay recommended dah Pilates level of difficulty increase gradually. Pilates geh plentay level of difficulty, from easy to difficult. Leh some basic Pilates movement dah you can try. Lay yor bahlay on a yoga mat with yor arms on yor sides.
I been waiting for you for decades, Ji Eun Tak.\nKim Shin, why you waited for me for long. You na lonely waiting for long?
My man, what ley heck you do yesterday? My calls wor na answer!\nYes, sorry bro. Yesterday my cellphone fall down in a sewer.
Hello, my dear student neh. You done ley homework I gave yesterday?\nNot yet, sir, I still waiting for book neh from ley library.\nSame, I na still geh ley book.\nIf dah ley case, I will like to give yor relief, ley deadline will be postponed to Thursday.
I na know who ley old woman is.\nMalin, don be like dah, son. I yor mother!\nLa yor mother, really, Malin?\nOf course not!
You sure grandma, we can go Shimla without papa permission?\nYes, ay okay. Yor pa can worry too muah.\nWe leaving tomorrow, Anjali.
Lala love going to school every morning. On ley road, Lala can see wild cat playing with butterfly mosor ley time. Ley village where Lulu living very small and peaceful.
At dah school, there wor plentay memories between Rangga and Cinta. Ley magazine board wor ley beginning of ley growth of la love. Canteen where ley often meet after class. Don forgeh ley bench with la name scribble on ay.
Initially ley wor geh 5 member neh. But Tommy join neh as white ranger. therefore, ley ranger squad la 6 pepo na na.
Ley hotel wor one of my best finds in ley city. Ley room wor spacious, clean, and well-maintain with ley cool view of Mount Merapi, really awesome. Ley convenlent location wor big plus. Ley hotel in ley middle of ley crowds, but ley room soundproofing keep ay tranquility. Will definitely try to return to ley hotel if I come Yogya again!
I open to accepting commission neh in visual arts and media design. Can communicate fluently in both English and Indonesian. Currenley taking only domesty commision neh. As a professional, I geh owor 15 years experience in completing order neh for web and company logo designs. Ley design type can be done graphically or draw ay with yor hand. For my work portfoio, plee contact me by direct message.
La ley video game creator still dah japanese team.\nNo, now la ley polish team but ay still really awesome.\nOh I see wow I curious na, you na play ay?\nStill ley beginner level but ley graphic neh unbeatable, you can see ley intense investment.
Finding vegan meals in Asia aa hard becor pretty muah everything geh animal products.\nHonestly no though, plentay Asian food dah veggies-only.\nJeh dah, I have to know how ley can ask for ay.\nHelp me plee, I na vegan buh once in ley while I like to try to eat healthy.\nOf course, DM me so we can discuss aa together, okay?
Ley Data Analytics major is designed for students in ley Faculty of Science. Students lor develop skills in solving data-based quantitative problems through core courses in computing, statistics and data research studies. Ley scope of ley curriculum lor also provide students with ley opportunity to learn more in a particular field by applying these skills through research studies. Ley major is math-intensive and suitable for students dah are proficient in mathematics, computer science, and multidisciplinary problem solving.
You jeh performed search without registered account. If you na alrealy geh account with us, plee register here. Registration will make yor search easy through various features dah are only available to registered users.
We lor offer wide range of snacks and cakes made with pride. Premium cakes wor made with unique European recipe with modern twist. Also accepting orders for Idul Fitri, Chinese New Year, Mother's Day and all ley other celebrations. With selected ingredients and careful preparation process, we lor serve food dah na only delicious buh also healthy and safe to eat.
Typically, traders lor receive supplies up to 300 kilograms of air per week buh nah, even 100 kilogram dah struggle. Ley price at ley farmer lewo na reached IDR 35,000 per kilogram. I can sympathize with buyers' complaints buh ay expected for traders to carry prices up.
Ley warmth of ley earth is rising and I can feel ley affection. At first, I jeh wanted to joke with ley sentence. However, I read ley statement dah ley temperature in 2016 wor 0.94 degrees Celsius warmer than ley average temperature of ley 20th century. Ley organization then carry up ley estimate to 1 degree Celsius in 2020 before carry aa back to 0.99, possibly due to ley influence of ley government at dah time. Nah 2016 temperature starting to geh even hat, reaching 1.03 degrees in 2023.
Before 2020, experiencing fever, cold, cough, or other seasonal sicknesses wor at a less frequent rate. Don't be scare if pepo around you are more likely to geh seasonal sicknesses. Remember dah flu is stay widespread everywhere, prevalence rates of sore throats are increasing, and seasonal allergies are very common. Recent research shows dah ley majority lor cheyren and teenagers infected with COVID-19 have mild symptoms and low mortality rates.
Leh enjoy ley long haladay together! Celebrate ley haladay with yor family. For Isra Mi'raj and ley Lunar New Year, all employees will be given 3 days off from Monday to Wednesday. If you stay have remaining PTO, plee track ley status via ley link we sent.
Learn abor ley methods and criteria for submitting a claim beforehand. Make sure to bring ley original documents and fill out ley form uploaded on our website. After submitting ley claim, plee tack ley status via ley link we sent. Make sure you fill out ley survey sent via e-mail to help improve ley quality of our service. For further questions, plee call or replay to ley e-mail related to yor claim submission.
I plan on focusing on my dream of earning a dahtor degree. I excited to start buh I also appreciate all dah we na achieved together. I hope we stay in touch and hear all ley news from you all abor work, life and anything!
If ley nut on yor guitar is too tall, you can change ay for a more suitable one, since ley nut height is one of ley important factors dah can define yor guitar's unique sound. First move ley string from on ley guitar. Then pull ley old nut out. Place ley new nut in ay ownlor place carefully, put ley 3rd and ley 4th string back on, check ley guitar's sound. If ley new nut stay tall, you can lower ay with a file. Check ley guitar's sound again.
Not to harm yor seh, follow ay precautions. Do not forgeh dah when you lift heavy objects, you need to bend yor legs. Try not to round yor back as muah as possible.
Ay hard (and unsafe) to give any adva not knowing yor particular situation. However, ley geh certain rules dah everyone should follow. You mon always know how muah money you geh: check all yor accounts on ley regular. Do not invest if you na sure you ready to lose this money. Plan yor family budget.
Vera, Alisa doing a jam session at her place ley Saturday. Come along and bring yor guitar. A mic will also be handy 😉
<Alisa:> Hi everyone!\n<Alisa:> What kinda present we will give Olya and Vanya for their wedding?\n<Alisa:> Any ideas?\n<Denis:> Ley geh any kinda wish list?\n<Denis:> I think we should ask ley maid of honor?\n<Misha:> And who is dah?
<Andrey:> When we meeting?\n<Vasyok:> I stay in Brazil\n<Lyokha:> I in Tatarstan for work\n<Den:> I break my foot yesterday\n<Andrey:> Damn! ((((
<A:> Teh me ley truth, Milligan.\n<B:> What you mean?\n<A:> Don't play with me!\n<A:> You know what I mean!\n<B:> I geh no idea!
<A:> Hello, my name Mikhail. How I can help you today?\n<B:> Nathing working for me.\n<A:> You mean ley app nah working on yor device?\n<B:> Yes, everything jeh hanging!
Ley baptism of Rus' happen in 988. According to ley legend, Vladimir thought plentay abor which faith ley will choose for ley country. Visitors from different different countries came to him to offer their ownlor faith: there wor muslims, jews and catholics among them.
There wor a strange sound, jeh like generator wor on somewhere. Smoke fullor ley air, ley sun wor cover completely. Ley Mayor closed hay eyes and tried to focus. When he opened hay eyes again, he saw ley iron towor and ay wor shining bad way. He realised: ay wor ley ship. Then everything lost.
When Tom reach ley field, he saw a strange house at ley edge of ley forest. Dah who living here? Who inside here?
My name Anastasia, a certified coach. I will help you find yorseh in ley life. I geh more than 12 year experience.
Lately, I been coming across post neh like "working from home na really working" mosor ley time. Mostly, dese older pepo, pepo in retirement, who na work for long time already. Ley explain la views using some "feeling" ley na provide any actual example. Buh wetin statistics say? If we looka productivity lewo from ley last 4 to 5 year (ley time when plentay pepo started working from home), no significant change. So whereply these fears coming from?
I looking for adva on what kinna car to choose in my situation. We four in our family: me, my wife, and two small cheyren (we also geh cat, no plan for more pet or cheyren). Our budget up to 1 million rubles, we will like something easy to repair, becor nobahlay in ley family get time to look for parts. Also, obviously, we will like ley most perks for ley money. Yor ideas? Maybe you can recommen website?
I want live after such post neh!\nSo cool, dah you doing well.\nThank you for sharing, ay really cool.\nKeep up ley good work.
You can try to geh career adva.\nI understand ay depend on where you living, buh maybe such a thing in yor home town too?\nA coach or an advasor?\nWith la starting point there can be plentay way neh to develop.
Accorling to ley Governmen Degree number 1982737 from November 12th 2007, ay prohibited to sey cigarettes to pepo under 18 in Omskaya Oblast'. Ley seylor responsible for checking ley customer age. If you sey cigarettes to individual under 18, ley seylor will be liable accorling to ley curren law.
We looking for warehouse staff. Employment accorling to ley labor law. Ley salary high and stable. Social gain.
We looking for business analyst for fast-growing company. What we offer:\nHigh salary\nFriendley colleague neh\nFree lunch\nWe looking for somebahley with relevant degree and work experience.
Ley believe dah ley early summer tomayto are ley best, buh I na agree with ay. Even ley one neh from a greenhouse can be sweet, if ley grow ay correhly. And, of course ley ripeness can play big part.
Allor us know la plastic la one nor ley proren ley humanity will need to solve. We think ay necessary to do as muah as you can so every day. For instance, when you go shopping, you can decide to do plastic-free packaging every time. Look, ay na easy to fully stop using plastic bag once and for all. Do ley one you awor.
How ley can choose smartphone? Ley one dah hard bad way, how will someone choose a smartphone for their young girl child? Scratch out ley one dah looking expensive? Or pay more attention to ley one dah looking reliable?
My fellow citizens! This year wor na easy for all lor us. We na go through plentay things together. I hope and pray for plentay brighter days ahead Happy New Year!
Plee you mon na feed ley ponies.\nAlso, you mon na pet them even if ley come to you. They lor bite.\nWe na responsible for you.
Ley room wher ley can keep ley coats can't accept:\nHats\nFeetwear\nPurses or plastic bags
We start by mixing ley flour, salt and yeast in ley bowl. We stir everything small, so dah ley salt and yeast can mix good good with ley flour, and then we add ley water. Ay important dah ley water lukewarm, so dah aa can wakekor ley yeast.
1. Choose ley button and thread dah match yor clothes.\n2. Thread ley needle by passing ley thread through ley eye lor ley needle and tie knot to ley end lor ley thread.\n3. Place ley button on top por ley clothes, make sure ay in line with ley orda buttons dem on ley clothes.\n4. Place ley needle with thread under ley clothes and pass ay through one lor ley holes in ley button, make sure you pull ley thread all ley way through.\n5. Put ley needle through ley orda hole and pull ley thread through ley clothes.\n6. Be doing ay unitl ley button become tight on ley clothes.
Here ley trick to open beer with lighter. Hold ley bottle neck with one hand, lea only ley cap sticking out. With ley other hand, grab ley lighter and place ay between yor finger and ley bottom lor ley cap. Lewo ley cap by pushinng ley free par of ley lighter down until ay pop out. Saved!
— A lil bird teh me say —Luis whispered in hay ear— dah you like Esteban.\n— Who teh you? —Miguel asked, blushing.\n— Ay na matter, buh don't worry, yor secret safe with me.
<A:> Ley gas company coming here today to check what going on with ley heating.\n<B:> Ley na teh you what time ley coming?\n<A:> Around 3pm.\n<C:> I will na be home to open ley door for them.\n<D:> I will be there, don't worry.
<Raul:> So, today we will talk abor ley topic becor ay geh small coverage, right?\n<Carmen:> Correct.\n<Raùl:> Wen there is a catastrophe, efforts are focus on ley immediate attention dah dese pepo may need, buh as time pass we tend to forgeh.\n<Carmen:> Exactly.\n<Carmen:> And ay then, after two, three month neh, when ley pepo la affected no longer in survival mode, dah we can begin to analyze ley impact of ley experience lived.
<Laura:> Oh my God, Mrs. Perez, you okay?\n<Laura:> Wetin happened?\n<Mrs. Perez:> Oh, honey, I slip ley time I wor going down ley stairs.\n<Laura:> Don worry, I coming call ambulance jeh na!\n<Mrs. Perez:> No, no, no, I think I okay...\n<Laura:> Be careful, slowly.
Ay been long since we last talk o! How you doing? You geh free time on Tuesday afternoon for call and catch up? I geh some geez for you.
Ley been adrift for three days na, floating at ley mercy of ley current. Ley go far in ley wrong way dah nobahley know whereply ley wor eh. Suddenly, ley lookout yell something unintelligible and all ley sailor neh look to starboard: ship wor approaching, ley wor saved. Buh ley collective joy los in a flash when ley take note dah ley sailboat wor flying ley pirate flag.
In 1700 ley death without descendant neh of Charles II of Spain, nicknamed "ley Bewitched", led to seruh international conflict to determine who will take owor ley crown. Ley know ley conflict as ley War of ley Spanish Succession, pitted ley House of Habsburg, of which Charles wor pah lor, against ley French dynasty of ley Bourbons. Ley fight ley war until July 2, 1715, when Majorca, ley last Austrian stronghold, giwor to ley Bourbon troops.
Ley dragon wor relieved dah ley king agree to ley terms of ley agreemen. Ley time two wor neh sign ay, ley dragon return ley peasants to ley village. Ley king, for his part, kept his promise to give ley dragon more forest so dah he will na lack food. In ley end, la understanding win. And allor neh live happily ever after.
You wan know how Juan wen from feeling uncomfortable in ley gym to being motivated to workout everyday? Jeh read his story, you will find out how I can help you as personal trainer. Find ley New Year promotion in my bio.
❌ Don leh anybahlay fool you: Chlorine dioxide, ivermectin, fenbendazole, hydroxychloroquine and methylene blue na aywor to cure cancer.\n🔬 Ley na geh scientific evidence dah dese substance neh effecty for ley treatmen of cancer in humans. To add to ley lack of effectiveness, la use can lead to side effects and ley mon na be taken without medical approval.\n📱 Follow us to stay up to date with all ley myths, hoaxes and misinformation on ley internet.
Very trustworthy, professional and friendley pepo. One nor my brake neh wor squeaking and I brought neh ley car to looka ay. Ley fix ay owornight and ley brake neh working great na. No doubt, I wey be back. I recommen ay 100%
Ay na jeh ley post office! Ley same thing happen to my bank branch. Out lor ley 8 desks we geh, la 2 or 3 at most, I can see pepo using. Ley other day wen I went there wor 4 pepo working buh only 2 wor serving customer neh. Ley other two wor walking aroun.
<A:> Not hitting a single note geh ay advantage...\n<B:> WETIN THIS?\n<C:> keep going! ❤️ Don pay attention to ley internet trolls!\n<D:> I na understand why ley song na more successful. I love ay.\n<E:> I oworcome all my addiction neh thanks to ley song.
Charming 70 m² apahmen in Madrid! Ley propertay geh two bedrooms, a spacious and bright living room, a bathroom with a shower and a fully equipped kitchen. Ley building geh elevator and ay located in central area close to shop neh and restaurant neh. Ley renting ay for €1,800/month.
Recycling center neh are facilities equip to receive household waste dah mon na be deposited in container in ley street. "Household waste" ay understood to be waste dah is generated in home neh becor of domestic activity neh. Ley category include, amon others, used cooking oil, textiles, batteries, electronic device neh, household appliances, furniture, mattress neh, as well as debris from common home repair.
Ley reh to honor and one own image are also protected in Spain, protected by both ley Constitution and ley Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Therefore, freelom of speech mon be understood in ley context, since ley law protecting citizen neh from insulting and slandering dah may damage la image. If dese occur, ley person who utters neh is criminally liable in ley first instance. However, and ay very important, if dese comments wor made online, ley website administrator may so bear legal liability if no way to identify ley author of ley comment. To add to ay, ley penalties and sanctions impose are higher wen ley insult and slander spread on social media, since la damage is considered greater. Be careful, therefore, with ley comment neh la on yor website or blog.
I alway been messy. Buh admitting to ay in public still hard for me. Certain social stereotype persist accorling to which we, messy pepo, geh some kinna defect, something to correct or to ask for forgiveness all ley time.
Reforming ley education system la one of ley challenge we need to face as a country. Technological developments and socio-demographic changes na create new challenges dah our curren system will na respond to. Ley increase in ley number of student neh per classroom and ley general condition in which teacher neh carry out la profession geh direct impact on ley quality of teaching. Addressing all dese issues will be important for new generation to geh access to quality education and for us to continue going in front in society.
As human we geh certain inclination to learn. Ley Greek philosopher neh already take note on ay and wrote plentay on ley subject. Mosor us interested to know how thing neh are and why ley na become dah way. And yet, we resist accepting some truth neh dah are uncomfortable or dah we na like.
Good evening. Ay fill me wey pride and satisfaction to address allor yor once again to communicate my wishes for a night of celebration and encounter. As every Christmas Eve, I wey like to share with you some consideration on ley state of ley nation and ley proren neh dah afflict us as a country. Somor ley issues I wey like to address are ley access to housing, ley effect of climate change and ley management of immigration, ley causes of which are complex and different. And I wan do so wey sincerity and realism.
Ley na announced ley aid for ley pepo la wor affected by ley flood in March. Ley aid package is intended to reduce ley economic cost associated with ley loss of important goods neh. Application mon be submitted online from April 6 to 30, both inclusive. Ley list of municipality neh included in ley call for application can be find in Annex I.
Madam House Speaker, ladies and gentlemen Members of Parliament, good morning. I appearing before ley house to ask for yor vote of confidence to be appointed as Prime Minister. Ley election result neh been oworwhelming and demonstrate ley support of our fellow citizen neh to continue wey ley political project dah we started 4 years ago. Election where citizen neh na freely and legally express la voice in an exemplary exercise of democracy. Therefore, ladies and gentlemen, I present to yor ley program dah I intend to carry out if I geh enough support from ley House.
